Notes_About_the_platform

This platform integrates crowdfunding and freelancing in the same space.
It's goal is to promote a healthy ecosystem of investors, entrepreneurs, marketeers, designers and developers.

In my opinion, the first step to strive in life is to come with acceptance that life is not fair, and that is fine.

My goal in creating this platform is not to make the world more fair, but to help those that like me are willing to adapt, learn, co-operate and level up some skills that are not so common in their working class.

Investors: Do you want to be assured that your stake gives you decision making capabilities or that your influence can directly increase your stake?

Entrepreneurs: How many times you felt you were onto some great business idea but without resources, expertize to bring it to life?

Designers: Tired of being exploited, doing work for free 





The network is incentivised with the use of it's native token, XXX token, depolyed on ethereum network.



In this platform four different actors will work together to deliver the product to the client.

	The product owner will bridge information back and forth between the client and the development team. 
	He will engage with the client and setup the preliminary meeting, list the preliminary project requirements, client preferences and resources needed and update project status on the platform, including the budget nominated in Tokens.

	After the previous step, the project positions can start getting filled. Once they are filled, the wheels will start into motion.
	Each candidate should define the amount of tokens s/he is willing to earn for the job.
	The platform will close the team as soon as it finds a viable team, the remaining tokens if any will be shared equaly amoung members.



	Designer will present a wireframe mokup.
	During this period the developers will curate a list of questions that will be presented later on.

    At this point, the product owner will take these items to the client. It is recomended that at least one element responsible by the development attends this meeting.

    Once questions are answered and mockups are approved, the team can be put to work. The front-end(s) can implement the wireframe mockup and the designer(s) can work on the design. Back-end(s) can provide a fake rest-server that will aid in the development.

    As the project starts getting shape, it is a good time to present the client with the work accomplished so far.
    At this point the design and requirements should solidify.







